There. there. it's nothing.
They're just ants.
Good afternoon. everyone.
Thank you for being here.
Ernesto and I are so
pleased that you can join us
for our 5th Gala fundraiser
of the Walasa Foundation.
We are continuing to make a difference
in the lives of so many children
suffering from violence
in rural Colombia.
Thank you very much.
"Despite progress.
poverty and hunger are on the
rise in many parts of Colombia.
Since we began. The Walasa Foundation
has helped nourish hundreds of children.
Supplying meals in areas where
previously there were none.
And we continue to fight to
provide relief to the little ones."
General.
Thank you for inviting me.
But why am I here?
It's part of my job to mingle
with these people. Pereira.
You are here to keep
me from killing them.
Don't complain. At
least the food is good.
General.
May I please speak with
the Colonel for a moment?
General.
Thank you for coming.
I'm sorry we didn't get a
chance to speak tonight.
I would like to discuss the
shooting in Ciudad Bolívar.
You should talk to the Narcotics
Unit. I'm not involved.
Nevertheless. I would
like to hear your opinion.
I'm sorry. I don't think so.
Is that an official
"no comment?"
Listen. I really appreciate
your charitable spirit.
But I know who you are.
And I know. you have been treated
better here than in your own country.
I'm sure you'd want
to keep it that way.
Excuse me.
This is Violeta Matíz. and
this is "Bogotá Revealed."
on 103.1 F.M.
Many times on this show
we have talked about war
and the terrible toll it
has taken on our country.
And while the war may
be officially over.
there is still violence.
I want to talk about an American woman
who was recently abducted outside Bogotá.
Amber Chesborough.
Her brother Alex joins me in
the studio to deliver a message.
as we have done on many
occasions on "Kidnapped Voices."
I'll turn it over to her brother
so he can speak to her directly.
No. this is not good. It's shit.
We're losing control
of the narrative.
I'd like to send a
message to the kidnappers…
I'm here if you want
to speak with me.
To listen to you
without any conditions
to deliver whatever message
you want to send to the world.
Let's tell the boss
to bring that bitch.
What's wrong?
Why don't we let
the American go?
I just think this whole
plan could get us killed.
That's not going to happen.
We have the advantage and have
worked too hard for this opportunity.
It's crazy to bring
a journalist here
to the middle of the jungle.
I don't see the point.
Relax. When we get to Venezuela.
the SEBIN will put
an altar for us.
They will kiss our feet.
And that's what you want?
I want respect!
Wonderful.
Poetic.
To be able to hold an American
hostage is the ultimate.
It shows that we are strong
and the government is weak.
And to be able to
break that illusion
of a powerful and
authoritarian government.
It legitimizes us as a
revolutionary movement.
And it makes people think.
"The government must be very weak if
it can't save one fucking American."
Once that idea gets
planted like a seed.
another one grows.
"If the government is that
bad. we have to change it."
That's what we are doing.
giving hope to our people.
- Trust me.
- When have I ever not trusted you?
I love you.
Manipulator.
For you. Hurry!
Move.
The Comandante is waiting.
Don't make him angry.
Pleasure to meet you.
The pleasure is mine.
Did you have a good trip?
You must be exhausted.
Would you like
some food or water?
Or rest for a while?
I'm fine.
Sit.
You know this is
a mistake. right?
And it will end badly.
The mistake is theirs.
They thought they
were untouchable.
And if this turns out bad. well.
these are risks we
take during war.
If you really want to
teach a lesson. let her go.
Nobody wants to
return to the past.
Some people do want another
war and we'll give it to them.
If you release her. I'll
write a nice story about you.
I would like that.
But that's a bit too romantic
for things to end up that way.
What are your goals?
Who are you?
I'm just a man.
Trying to create
a new atmosphere.
A new mentality.
And these are my friends.
Talk to her.
Tell me what you think.
Think about what?
Whether or not she is CIA.
You think she will tell me?
Find out. You can do it.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Give me some time
with her. I'll try.
Let's get ready to move.
Time's up.
Here she is.
Come here.
Tell me how it went.
I do have something for you.
She's not CIA.
This is your
professional opinion?
After conducting interviews
for 20 years. I can confirm it.
Let her leave with me.
Graciela.
Do something for me.
Take her and tie her up.
Then tell everyone
we're moving out.
We're moving out.
We have located the rebel camp.
Where they are holding
the American hostage.
Now they have a second hostage.
a journalist. Violeta Matíz.
We are going to
intercept them here.
We are going to surround them.
We are going to
make them desperate.
Force them to negotiate.
to make mistakes.
There are a lot of
eyes watching us.
Get ready.
Any questions?
That's the way I like it.
Commandos. move out!
They're headed to the river.
Do not engage. We're
10 minutes out.
This is Colonel Pereira of
the Colombian National Army.
You are completely surrounded.
This is now my battleground.
I decide what happens to you.
No one will leave here alive with
Amber Chesborough or Violeta Matíz.
You will all die
here one by one.
Unless you release the hostages.
I have plenty of time.
You decide.
I have the Comandante.
Fire.
We just killed your Comandante.
It was easy.
I can stay here indefinitely.
For hours…
for weeks.
You decide.
Make the fucking call.
General. we have
them surrounded!
I can capture them all!
It doesn't matter. They
threatened to bomb more civilians.
This comes from the top. From
the White House and the CIA.
Do you understand?
They don't want more
civilian casualties.
Attention. everyone.
Abort. abort. abort.
Retreat.
We're headed back to base.
I love you.
Trust me. Colonel.
I know. Politics.
But we are under a lot
of pressure to withdraw.
It's a sad day.
General. the day isn't over.
It will take them 9 hours
to get to the border.
Sir. if you can give me a bird.
we can take one more shot at this.
The media has us
in a bad position.
It's our country. sir.
You're right.
It's our country.
I say this unofficially.
Take volunteers and do
what you think is right.
I need nine volunteers.
We can cut across
the jungle by air
and beat them to the border.
This spot here is
the perfect ambush.
Three guys on the ridge.
The rest with me.
We'll attack from the ground.